First I would like to thank Professor Ludger Wessjohann for giving me the opportunity 
to work on this challenging problem and become a better scientist, and also for his steady professional support throughout the years.
%%% Thanks for keeping manuscripts in the desk for years on end and all the excuses. 
I thank the Seventh Framework Programme and also the IPB for funding my work.
Thanks go to Annegret Laub, Dr. Jürgen Schmidt, Anja Ehrlich, Christine Kuhnt, Dr. Andrea Porzel, Martina Lerbs and Gudrun Hahn for all their help with analytics measurements and problems.
I am grateful to all the people in the IPB and especially the group of Bioorganic Chemistry for a great and always helpful professional and personal atmosphere.

I would like to thank Dr. Thomas Vogt for lots of professional advice and all the help. Thanks to Dr. Sylvestre Marillonet and Ramona Grützner for theoretical and practical help with the Golden Gate system and plant expression.

I thank Professor Milton Stubbs for the opportunity to run crystallization and diffraction experiments in his group. Here, a special thanks to Dr. Christoph Parthier for his practical and theoretical
help concerning the solution of crystal structures.

I thank Dr. Marco Kloos for the \textit{black-ops} style screening experiments during a long night in Leipzig.

To the people of ``IPB Aktuell`` -- Steve Ludwig, Robert Berger, Anne-Katrin Bauer, Jeanette Keim, Sebastian Stark, as well as Rainer and Julia Kufka -- a very special thank you. 
Your are like a family <3. Thank you Anne for being an awesome roomie (that was not annoyed by my messiness) throughout all the years. Thanks Robert for all the time we spent watching TV-series,
and the personal, professional and R related conversations. Thanks Steve for the longest consecutive foosball match of (probably) all time \ldots and your mother.
Thanks Jeanette for getting me set up when I just started and all the great help, especially in moving. Thanks the effort we shared writing a manuscript.
Thanks Sebastian for the Pflaumenknödel and scientific sceptisism. Thanks Rainer for always being so positive (when I see you in my head I always see you grinning). 
Thanks Julia....

A big shoutout goes to the thursday night board gaming and whisky tasting crew -- René Wartner <3, Christian Arlt, Marcus Böhme, sometimes others and \glqq Hexeee! \grqq. 
I always had a blast and appreciate that we kept it going for all these years. I dearly miss it.
Thanks to the guys and girls, who have attended every bioechemistry retreat -- Bea, Susi, René, Christian and Marcus. This weekend is always welcome and a great way to meet up agian.
I hope it keeps on going till the end.

I am truly grateful to my surrogate father Melvin Allen Vermillion...........................

I thank my family for all they have done and are still doing for me. 
My grandparents Ingrid and Siegfried, who will always have us over for lunch and prepare the the meal that we so crave.
My grandpa Siegfried, whose mindset and ethical views I deeply admire.  
I thank my parents Heike and René for their support and dependability.
My brother Konstantin for his ability and willingness to get things organized, even when it is high time.
To Oma Lilo, I miss you.

I thank my wife Maika, for keeping up over the years. It hasn't always been easy. Thank you for condoning my flaws and making me a better person.

